hey and welcome back to the play cafe
quizzer today is March 18 2008 the
question of the day is what percentage
of people do not want to give up smoking
with that why why me what oh I get it um
smoking but if you fuck yourself in
remember to email your name and answer
to trivia at clay cafe comp by 6pm
pacific standard time and if you're
right you'll be entered into a random
drawing for a ten-dollar amazon.com gift
certificate the winners will be
announced during our live game show
where you can play more games with me
and our players from around the world we
play live monday through friday from six
to eight p.m. pacific standard time at
play cafe com it's completely free to
play and you can win prizes ranging from
itunes songs to nintendo wii's all the
way to a thousand dollars in cash baby
yeah oh here are some highlights from
previous shows I hope to see you there
Daleks okay I'm right are you ready call
it a play question of again with us to
win that five entries toward the mundane
I travel for that tweet about dollar
amazon.com gift certificate let me hear
it yellow lightning I found an apple on
the ground I saw you you know me I go
drag his feet I'm trying to know here
I'm trying to win a weed I'm trying to
say good night basic 11 I where I only
eat protein yeah
but a fall and then have some rock crash
my mask and then go like her like ah
i'll give you like a guy with the like
oh what superhero character are you know
renegade brenneke renegade important cuz
i have me renegade not just a writ
hungry hahaha what does that mean oh
there you go type thing with stuff is
there anything different about you today
I thought you said you weren't gonna
participate in this I don't know what
you're talkin cloud I wear this to
answering for me in the chat you notice
i stalled allows right no but I knew no
but I did you did not you're a liar fool
you man you guys are so stupid how could
you say Dylan because Dylan has written
the best songs of the whole world okay
I'm sorry I love Dylan doesn't Daniel
yes what part of zombie fear do you know
it is actually like oh my god someone
what a we yes
it's Mikey it's mikey mike 93 in my chat
room oh I jumped in Judy don't you